What are everyone's plans
for the weekend?
Ariel?
Um, I'm going to the mall
with Brandi and Tiffany.
And then they're having
dinner at my house.
(Brandi)
'We're going shopping for
an outfit for the dance.'
They're gonna be
like the same
but we each
get a different color.
Mine's gonna be strapless.
(teacher)
'Great.'
Rita, what are you
doing this weekend?
Me and my mom are probably
getting an iguana.
But they're really big
when they're fully matured
so we're maybe
building our own habitat.
That's terrific, Rita.
♪ Your head is there
to move you around
Caitlin Gaither.
White female, 19.
Park ranger found her
a few hours ago.
(Lilly)
'In the water?'
Yeah. Took us a spell
to get her up.
People know this ain't the
best
place for swimming laps.
Name like "Devil's
Pool
kind of says it all.
Chestnut Hill kids come here
and dive. Local tradition.
The trick is
you gotta jump far
and to the left
to miss the rocks.
That's how rich kids
get a thrill, huh?
Yeah, well, our girl went
straight down to the rocks.
Never got back up.
Drowned?
With a little help.
Bruises go round the back.
They held her head in the water?
Yeah. That's not
the only reason
I dragged you out
in the cold though.
It's alright,
it's our pleasure.
What's with the marks?
Magic marker,
looks like.
(John)
'In 1990'
'a little girl was found
in the water here'
broken neck.
Had the same marks
all over her body.
And 14 years later to the day
this girl's killed.
Big deal case.
We worked it to death.
But nothing stuck
and it went cold.
Think this is a copycat?
Detail about the marks was
never
released to the press.
So we're looking
at the same doer.
Good chance.
Guy lays low 14 years.
Why come back now?
He got something to say?
(Scotty)
'Can I get that for you?'
No, Scotty.
You sit.
Well, they did their due
diligence first time around.
They have any ideas
on these marks?
Well, at first detectives
wondered were they ritualistic
but they couldn't find
any pattern to them.
They didn't match anything
the FBI had on file.
Seventh grader
at Chestnut
Collegiate.
Pricey prep school.
Yeah, but Rita was
a scholarship kid.
Well, she and her mom were
how the other half
lives in Chestnut Hill.
Mother's an art teacher,
Community College.
Tucks her daughter
in at 10:00 P.M.
Next morning she's
two miles from her house.
Blunt-force trauma
from hitting the rocks.
Could've snuck
out
to meet someone.
Or someone snatched her,
brought her there.
We got any leads on
who killed this new victim?
We do now.
Gil Sherman's bringing in a
guy
caught speeding toward Jersey
with a car full of
Caitlin Gaither's clothes.
(Gil)
'He gave himself up when we
flashed the lights.'
- Confessed?
- For an hour straight.
Now his parents are here,
he doesn't want to see them.
That's them.
Detectives Rush and Valens.
Jason Beaudry.
My wife, Holly.
This is a mistake.
Neil is schizophrenic and he's
very confused right now.
We know this is a bad time,
but I need to ask.
Did you or your son know a
girl
named Rita Baxter?
She was the girl who died
at Devil's Pool years ago.
No, we didn't know her.
Are you trying to pin
something else on him now?
She went to school in your
neck of the woods.
(Holly)
'We remember the story.
It was tragic.'
But that was the only
time
I'd ever heard her
name.
(Jason)
'This is wrong.'
You're taking
advantage
of a sick person.
Oh, what's he on?
Clozaril.
If you bring it in,
we can get that to him.
He might be here a while.
Neil, this is Detective Rush.
She's got some
questions for
you.
Oh, he ain't in a good way.
He's seeing things.
Neil, why did you go
to Devil's Pool yesterday?
I, uh, I-I go every year.
On the 16th of November.
Why that day?
You know a girl
named Rita Baxter?
Everything is the same there.
It's always dead.
So you go there every year.
This year you killed a girl.
Why?
If I...touch things,
they'll die.
(Lilly)
'Did you put the marks
on this girl's body?'
It was my first time.
Did you kill this girl
just like you killed Rita,
Neil?
No! No!
Rita has the same marks
on her body.
No. I killed this girl,
but not Rita.
- Sit down.
- He's got a pace. They do
that.
Why do you go to
Devil's Pool every year
the same day Rita died?
You're going away
anyway, Neil.
- You got nothing to lose.
- No!
I'm sorry.
We give him his
meds,
it'll be easier.
(Will)
'Rita had a thing
for cats, huh?'
Muse of choice
and she was
prolific.
I could paper the walls
in felines in costumes.
I said, "You're 12.
What about boys?"
So..
We came across someone.
Neil Beaudry.
(Nick)
'Big shot,
Chestnut Hill family.'
Father was an importer.
Yeah, I know that name.
Brandi Beaudry.
She was in Rita's year
at Chestnut Collegiate.
That's Neil's kid sister.
- What did the boy do?
- He's a murder suspect.
Girl died at Devil's Pool.
'Had the same
marks on her.'
Rita went to school with his
sister since she was five.
- I'm sure he knew who she was.
- Parents said he didn't.
All those people
weren't around enough
to have any idea
who their kids knew.
And while they were
busy jetting off
spending their bags of money
their daughter
was tormenting Rita.
(Rita)
'She goes into the water'
and with her mind,
she calls the dolphins.
They swim and they
have a friendship
even without,
like, words.
That sounds great.
It's by the same writer
as "A Wrinkle In Time."
I don't feel so well.
All of a
sudden?
What's wrong?
Please, momma,
can we go home?
Hey, there's Ariel.
Mom, we're not
friends anymore.
- Why not?
- She's friends with Brandi
now.
- Brandi doesn't like me.
- Well, then Brandi's an
idiot.
Brandi's mean.
She always says,
"What are you looking at?"
And one time she took my jacket
and said it was from sears
and gave it to the janitor,
but I took it back.
Rita, listen to me
everyone who's ever
been anything
in the history of time
has been a loser in junior
high.
And six years from now
you're gonna be in
college
and you are gonna be
the coolest girl
around.
Because you're smart
and you're different
and you're wacky
and that's what's
important in this
world.
Not what those idiot
girls think of you.
Girls that age it's,
it's like the Serengeti.
Kill or be killed.
I fought with my sister.
Every time I tried
to change the channel
from "The Hardy Boys",
she'd shriek like a banshee.
Why Rita?
- 'Why'd he pick her?'
- It's not for sure yet.
That family.
They just couldn't
let Rita be.
How you feeling?
The medication
makes me, um...
...underwater.
But a little clearer, right?
Hmm.
Okay.
Rita Baxter.
Your sister had a thing
for picking on her.
You remember?
Yeah.
Do you ever see her?
Sometimes.
When you do..
You see these markings?
On her
skin.
All over.
Black pen.
You put those on her?
No.
But you put them
on Caitlin Gaither.
Why?
To make her like Rita.
And you wanted to hurt her
like you hurt Rita?
No.
I wasn't...poison back then.
- Maybe without meaning it.
- No!
- Okay, Neil--
- You don't understand.
Go ahead.
It was my first time.
(Brandi)
'Okay, Neil.'
Eww, it's over.
So, now you've gone
to first base.
You can go.
We're done with you.
Neil, come back
and visit later.
Not!
So, how was it?
'Specifically?'
Warm.
Now Rita's getting hot!
(Scotty)
'So when was that?'
- The night she died.
- You sure?
My sister had her over for a..
...a sleepover.
So did you do something
to Rita later that night?
It wasn't me.
I killed that
other girl,
but..
...not Rita.
Who did?
It was the house.
It's an evil house.
Neil, the whack-job,
can say what he wants.
I know he's our guy.
Parents were out
of town that night.
He's in charge.
That's opportunity.
- Motive?
- He's a whack-job.
(Lilly)
'Whether Neil's telling
the truth or not'
we still got three girls
who never spoke up
about being with Rita
that night.
Fourteen years, biggest case
to hit Chestnut Hill
and they clam up?
That's shady.
Brandi Beaudry, Ariel Shuman,
Tiffany O'Connell.
Those were the girls the
mother remembers hassling Rita.
Kill her over
a game of Barbies?
Beat her with
the dream Corvette?
We went to the
school
first time around.
How did those girls
get overlooked?
Three most popular
girls in school
having a sleepover with Rita?
Violates the social order.
Especially if Buffy, Muffy
and Trixie ain't talking.
Sounds like it's time
to introduce yourselves
to the divas
of Chestnut Collegiate.
Those are wrinkles.
Do you see what I'm saying?
I said creases.
Brandi Beaudry?
Yeah, I'm Brandi.
Detectives Valens
and Rush, homicide.
If this is about my brother,
I'd be by his side right now
if I didn't have
this party to plan.
So, no, I'm not going
to help you put him away.
We ain't here about
Caitlin Gaither.
What, then?
Why didn't you ever
tell anyone
Rita Baxter was at your house
the night she died?
[chuckles]
I don't know what
you're talking
about.
Brandi, a girl
was murdered.
Fourteen years go by,
and you never say anything?
You realize how
that makes you look.
She came by, okay? But she left
in the middle of the night.
I don't know
anything
about how she died.
So, why keep
the sleepover secret?
We were afraid.
We thought we'd be blamed
just because we'd been with
her.
I'm sorry, seriously,
but we were 12.
So, what's your
excuse now? Seriously.
Girl's club
code of silence?
Not at all, I haven't talked
to Ariel or Tiffany
in, like, a million years.
Is that an exact figure?
High school. Maybe.
Let's start with this, Brandi.
How's a girl like Rita wind up
at a sleepover at your house?
We invited her
because we thought
it would be funny
to mess with her.
We were brats.
Who came up with
this great plan?
It was Ariel's idea.
Hi, Rita.
You could say hi back.
Hi.
Brandi thinks you're cool, and
she wants to hang out with you.
I have to go home.
Rita, this is the
chance
of a lifetime.
It is way better being with
them
than being a nerd in gifted.
Hey, Rita.
Cute sneakers.
So, my parents are
in the Bahamas
and we're having
a sleepover tonight.
I want you to come,
but you can't tell you mom
because well, I don't
really have permission.
Ariel, is this a trick?
No! She for real
wants you there.
I do, too.
I could sneak out after
my mom goes to bed.
She came over
at,
like, 10:00.
And, like, two hours later
we hid her glasses from
her,
she freaked out and left.
Who knows what happened
after that?
I mean, she died, obviously.
But you don't know
anything about that?
If I did, I would tell you.
I'm glad you know.
It was wrong
not to speak up.
It was your idea, though
to invite Rita to the party
and razz her.
At the time, I thought
I was giving her the keys
to the kingdom, getting her
to Brandi Beaudry's house.
How's that?
She was the most popular
girl in school.
Rita and I, not so popular.
But when Rita got
to the sleepover
you laid into her
like you planned?
Not like I'd planned.
I mean, I had no idea.
I was JV.
Those two were
varsity bitches.
Boys don't think you're
anything if you have fat.
Eww! See?
Gross.
Yeah.
Get her butt.
Ariel, it's your turn.
To pick a spot on Rita.
Right here.
Back fat.
You have a fat gut
like your mom.
She's really
ugly.
No offense.
I don't want to do
this anymore.
Tiffany! Way to go.
Now she's pissed.
So? Did you know there's
a rumor your mom is a
slut?
Everybody's
saying it.
Oh.
- Explains the marks.
- Sick, right?
So what happened
after the fat fest?
Rita ran out.
Didn't come back.
Anyone go after her?
None of us.
How about Neil?
I didn't see that.
I guess it's possible.
I thought Brandi
was the ringleader.
Why was Tiffany so nasty?
Tiffany's dad and Rita's mom
had a thing going.
And Tiffany knew about it?
But Rita didn't,
and Tiffany didn't let on.
Maybe she was just waiting
for the right moment.
Why would
she sneak out?
And to be with
those awful girls?
Popularity stuff?
I did have an
affair with him.
We thought
we were discreet.
I didn't think
Tiffany knew.
You think Tiffany was
capable of violence?
I never really got
to know her.
After Rita, well, married men
lose interest in a woman
who can't get out of bed
in the morning.
You hear what Tiffany's
doing these days?
I only know she was kicked out
of collegiate in eighth grade.
Drinking problem.
She was the apple of her
dad's eye before then.
Drinking? That young?
Sounds like something threw
Trixie for a loop.
Detective Valens,
Philadelphia PD.
Crap.
We know you had
it in for Rita
her mom having that
affair with your
dad.
Well, you ride her hard
enough,
she leaves the sleepover.
Then what?
Then nothing.
Follow her into the woods,
get rid of her at Devil's
Pool?
You're way off. Sorry.
Now, how's a rich girl
from Chestnut Hill
wind up on house arrest
in Mount Airy
after multiple DUI's?
How? Tequila.
Somethin' went wrong, Tiffany.
- Real wrong.
- That's your opinion.
To me, I'm glad I got out
of Chestnut Hill.
Yeah?
Do me one favor?
Is that bitch Brandi
still a bitch?
I knew it.
Oh, what a bitch!
I hated Rita
and her slut mom
about as much as I
hated my jackass dad.
But I didn't have it
in me to kill her.
- No?
- Not like they did.
My father, his attitude..
Why does Sporto
like the ugly girl?
Claire's much prettier.
It'd suck to have red hair.
Oh, my God!
Rita thinks the nerd is cute.
No, I don't.
Give me your glasses.
- Why?
- 'Cause I want to see them.
Eww! You're blind.
You have weird eyes
in real life. No offense.
Can I have them back, please?
No.
My parents. Hide!
Hide!
Hi, there.
What's your name, hon?
Rita Baxter.
Where's your brother?
- Asleep.
- Will you get him up?
Why?
- Holly?
- 'Yeah, hon?'
Will you run
a bath
upstairs?
Sure.
How many people did my daughter
have over tonight, Rita?
Wall.
- How many girls were here?
- Um...just one. Just me.
So you're a liar, too, Rita?
Brandi.
Want to tell your friend what
we do to liars in this house?
The Beaudrys said they were
out of town that night.
And you believed them 'cause
they didn't look the type.
What type is that?
The
lying-and-beating-their-kids
type.
Think they could
have hurt Rita?
I got out of there
after that.
But you know things are bad
when the biggest bitch in
school
looks like she's gonna
piss in her Calvin's.
Someone's been telling you lies.
Yeah, you.
Rita was at your house
the night she died.
Didn't you think that was
worth mentioning to the cops?
It's my daughter, isn't it?
You talked to her.
Well, keep in mind,
she's a drug addict and a
liar.
Brandi wasn't supposed to have
friends over unsupervised.
So, who got in
trouble,
Brandi or the
friend?
I'm sorry if we scared
the Baxter girl
but we didn't touch her.
Our children needed
special attention.
Sometimes, yes, we were
physical with them.
And other times
you were on vacation.
We were afraid of her.
(Jason)
'When they're really
little'
'you can't tell
the difference.'
Biting, kicking.
And she's older?
And it's nothin'
normal kid stuff.
What's not?
We had a...a cat.
The nanny came in and found her
wrapping it up in a towel.
Brandi said it drowned,
but..
...what's the cat doing
in a full bathtub?
Right.
She was capable
of things
no parent wants
to think about.
Like killing Rita?
I have a meeting in 40 minutes
and this takes 20.
A wash-and-go is gonna
have to do today.
I can't have my whole life
thrown off over this thing--
Your parents
think
you killed Rita.
My parents are freaks.
- You gotta stop lying,
Brandi.
- What?
Your mom and dad came home that
night discovered the sleepover.
You said they
were
in the Bahamas.
They were always somewhere.
Maybe I got confused.
We know they were violent with
you and Neil when you were kids
but they said, they had to
be
because you were
disturbed.
Hurt things.
If they're talking
about that stupid cat.
Hurting animals means
something, Brandi.
I was an angry kid.
Guess why?
Tell me about them
coming home that
night.
They didn't like when
I had friends over.
Mom, I told them
all to go home.
It's too late, Brandi.
You lied.
(Neil)
'Dad, it's not her fault.'
I was in charge.
Dad, no! No!
- No!
- Neil, honey, please.
This is important.
Dad.
Dad!
Hold.
Done.
She was supposed
to go home.
I don't know why
she came back.
Then my mom saw her.
Neil and I were sent
to our rooms.
And in the morning..
...she was dead.
Thank you.
I know that was hard.
No.
I've said it a million
times in my head.
The parents were right
about the drugs.
Brandi was picked up
for forging a prescription
back in July.
Charges were dropped.
Dilaudin.
Synthetic morphine.
- That's heavy
self-medicating.
- And she's the healthy kid.
Not the way the parents tell it.
Brandi thinks her parents killed
Rita to keep the abuse a secret.
And they're saying
she's the violent one.
Happy home.
Maybe I'll go talk to Neil.
They moved him to western
psychiatric.
Go see Elisa
while you're there?
Nah. It's not
the right time.
I know what your parents
made you do to your sister.
- The dunking?
- Yeah.
That's what you did to
Caitlin,
right? You held her down.
I didn't want
to hurt her.
What happened?
I, uh, I go every year
'cause...I miss Rita.
And this time I
thought I saw
her.
But it was Caitlin Gaither.
I thought she was
Rita.
I don't know why.
And you put those marks
on this girl like Rita's
to kind of...recreate her?
But this girl..
...didn't care about me.
She was afraid and screamed.
I guess I needed
her to be quiet
and we were at the water,
so, I held her down.
For too long.
Well, Rita was pushed,
not held down.
I didn't do that to Rita.
She was kind.
I wouldn't hurt
her.
What about your parents
that night?
They never left their
room
after we were punished.
And Brandi?
- She was violent, right?
- It's not her fault.
So what happened after Rita
saw you in the bathroom?
She tried to save us.
I saw what your parents
were doing.
It's wrong.
You should tell
another adult.
We could go right now
and tell my mom.
She could help us.
It's not right.
You're not bad.
- We could go.
- What are you talking about?
Get out of my room.
You don't need
to be embarrassed.
It happens to other kids, too.
- Brandi?
- Nothing is happening!
Get out of my room, loser!
Get out!
I can help you.
We can go to my mom.
I don't need your help.
You're a loser.
You are dead.
Close the door.
- Why are you guys still
here?
- We can't go home.
It's 2:00 in the morning.
Your parents didn't
see us. We snuck up.
Are you guys in a fight?
I hate her.
And I want her to die!
She needs to die.
Right?
Right.
What then, Neil?
They kicked me out,
and I left her in
there..
...with all of them.
We know one of you
killed Rita.
The two of you who didn't,
should save yourselves.
You got something
to tell, huh?
I'm getting a cup of coffee
and I'll be back.
It's better than
a reunion, right?
Yeah, I bet they're wishing
we had an open bar.
[chuckles]
You've sure changed.
Are they serious?
- This doesn't even seem real.
- It's not me. Clearly.
Oh, clearly.
- One of you said something.
- There's nothing to tell.
Ariel's pretty insistent.
It was you, wasn't it?
- You'd love to see me go
down.
- I think they can hear us.
Middle school's over. I'm not
hung up about you anymore.
Oh, Tiffany's got something.
- 'Are you threatening her?'
- 'It's okay.'
I mean, look at her.
She's just sad.
Guess what, bitch?
Time to buy a diary.
'Cause I'm not keeping
your secrets anymore.
Shut up.
Don't tell me what to do!
Tiffany, sit down!
Ah, they're good
and ready now.
I'll pull Tiffany.
Those two were
your best pals,
huh?
Brandi and Ariel.
Friggin' time warp
in there.
Haven't changed much?
Shows you what crap taste you
have in friends when you're
12.
You're different though.
Ain't buying into the games.
I'm the only sane
one of the three.
I'm not perfect though.
Whatever you did, bet
it wasn't as bad as them.
They get their perfect
lives. Me?
I'm innocent,
and I get wrecked.
That's 'cause I'm the one
who saw her face.
Well, we could poison her.
Or hang her. I learned
knots at sailing.
I think I better go home.
Guard the door,
she'll get out.
This is lame.
When can we do ouija board?
After we kill her.
Blood sisters?
Right.
Eww.
You have to.
It's a pact.
'Okay.'
You're crazy.
This is seriously
the worst
sleepover
I've ever been to
in my entire life.
You can't leave.
- Brandi wants to make a pact.
- Ariel, get over it.
Rita, come on.
(Brandi)
'No.'
She's ours.
Whatever.
I was gonna go home.
But?
I went downstairs.
And I met the love
of my young life.
An adult's liquor cabinet.
I drank whatever
was open
and right before
I passed out
I thought, "I gotta start
hanging out with boys
instead."
This is killing me.
(Lilly)
'Brandi's jonesin'.'
Time for her afternoon dose.
And why's she looking for it
in Ariel's purse?
You need a doctor
to get dilaudin.
Ariel's a doctor.
She could lose her license
for prescribing to an addict.
So why is she doing it?
Old time's sake?
I think Brandi may have
a specific old time in
mind.
You look like you
could
use some fresh air.
Yeah.
Junkies generally don't
like
these windowless rooms.
What do you want?
Ariel's your
supplier,
isn't she?
Well, that connection
dries up right here and
now.
You tell me what
you've got on her
you can go home
and gobble up
the rest of
what she gave
you.
That's crazy.
What are you,
Brandi, loyal?
You're a survivor.
You take what you
need from people
then lose them when
they're not useful
anymore.
And I'm telling you,
Ariel's tapped out.
What do you want to know?
What happened to Rita after
Tiffany left her with you
two?
I got bored.
Said goodnight.
Tiffany can't say anything.
She'll be in as big
trouble as us.
I don't care.
- It's over.
- What?
I think you should go home
with that loser.
Me? No, why?
I want to stay.
Because we're not
friends anymore.
No offense, but I thought
you were cool and you're
not.
You two are
better
off as friends.
I don't want to be
her friend.
I want to be your friend.
You're the one
who brought her here
and she ruined
the sleepover.
I want you two
losers
to leave my house.
- But--
- Get out.
And don't sit with us
at lunch anymore.
Minute later, I looked
out the window.
They were cutting
through the backyard
heading to the woods.
I could hear Ariel crying
from all the way
up in my room.
It's just a lunch table.
Don't go crazy.
What are you looking at?
Nothing.
What did you think would happen
when you got caught?
Sorry?
You'd tell the hospital
it was a mistake?
(Lilly)
'You had no idea'
Brandi Beaudry was an addict.
She just told you
she was in pain.
She is in pain.
Her life..
You can't imagine.
How long she been making
you do things for her?
It was just a favor
that got mixed up.
It was blackmail, Ariel.
Always has been.
Because she knows
what you did.
No.
Do you hate me?
It doesn't matter
what I think of you.
She was just
a little kid.
But I was
just
a little kid,
too.
- I didn't know.
- You didn't know what?
I didn't know
you live through
it.
- 'My life is over.'
- 'We'll be home soon.'
I don't want to go home.
So what if she
thinks we're losers?
We'll be losers for
junior high, I don't care.
My mom says everybody
who's ever been anything
in the world,
was a loser.
I care.
Just because you don't,
why do I have to suffer?
In six years we'll
be in college
and my mom said
we'll be cool.
I can't wait for college.
Six years?
Oh, my God!
Brandi's gonna hate me
for six years.
So what if those idiot girls
don't like you?
That's not what
matters
in this world.
It's better to be smart
and different, like us.
No.
I don't want to
be like us.
But, Ariel, in
college,
we'll be considered
cool.
And maybe before then
we could be best
friends
to each other.
If you want.
No!